Yeah. we got one on
the porch and two inside.
But what's in that bag?
He keep going in that bag.
What the hell is that. man?
Yo. I don't know anymore
whether to laugh or cry. man.
And whose house is this? Grandma's?
Right. right.
"Grandma. what big eyes you have."
Man. look at this wad
of shit in this kid mouth.
Yo. what you think he holding?
A few dimes. I don't know.
No. man. I mean the candy.
- The Dulce.
- The Dulce?
- Yeah. Qué tipo de Dulce?
- Wow.
- When did you learn that?
- See. bro.
- That was good.
- I understand you when you talk. man.
I know what you saying.
Yo. man. I really hope
I really hope it's not grandma's caramels
- what's grandma's caramel?
- Like the bowl that your grandma have...
Like a brand?
Like the caramels in the... aight. man.
- Let's bust this up.
- Wait.
I'm not gonna bust these
kids just so you can know
- what kind of candy they have.
- Come on. man.
- That's part of the job. Manny.
- This is ridiculous.
You put this badge
on. it's time to play. bro.
- Okay. just listen. Ray.
- Man. what's up?
- Bro. these are babies. okay?
- Yeah. man.
They need to learn. man.
They either gonna die or they
gonna get better at this shit.
- I don't wanna take the risk.
- Risk? Manny. what risk?
- Fool. what you talkin' about?
- Babies are dangerous. motherfucker.
- Stupid is dangerous.
- Right.
Stupid is the most
dangerous. Manny. That's right.
So that's why we need to educate 'em.
Okay. let's go.
You know. it's my birthday today.
Sorry.
Whatever. man. Let's go. I
don't wanna fight. Let's go.
- Please.
- Just let me know. You too.
Trick or treat.
What's your name. kid?
- Jerome.
- Let's go inside. Jerome.
Knock twice. wait. and tell
them that you need to take a piss.
Yo. I need to come inside.
In the living room.
let's go. Take a breath.
Just get inside.
Hey. drop the controller. DEA.
Did you just pause the game?
- Think you're coming back to this?
- Everybody on the ground.
On the ground! Federal agents!
- I wanna see those hands.
- Yo. just breathe. all right?
Think of this like a fire drill
that they teach you in school.
Look at this.
Yo. why the magic school
bus so heavily armed?
Ms. Frizzle packing?
Serious lemonade stand. man.
And. you know. instead of selling
pop rocks. you selling crack rock?
All right.
- This one is Jerome.
- We got Jerome in the house
we got Jerome in the ho... In your mouth
what's going on. Jerome?
Hey. what the hell kind of
babysitter are you. man?
This is terrible. right?
Look at this. This is the worst
day care I've ever seen in my life.
Hey. iverson junior. Look
at me. Talk to me. man.
- Where's the money and the rest of the...
- you don't need to
keep your mouth shut. Jerome.
You know. as a matter of
fact. I'm talking to you now.
Who the man of the
house right now. Jerome?
That's funny?
I'ma ask you again.
Who's the man of the
house right now. Jerome?
- You.
- That's right.
This one. man. This one right here.
Let me tell you something.
When you standing tall in front of
the judge. I'm your only friend. man.
- So what you want me to...
- That... sh... - Fuck.
Fuck. I fucking told you.
- I... - Calm down.
- I said it... I fucking...
Go over there. man.
- Shit.
- Who the fuck is upstairs. Jerome?
Who the... hey. hey!
- Come on.
- Shit.
Who the fuck is upstairs. Jerome?
- Man.
- Please. Get the fuck...
- See. man. I tried to help you.
- What the fuck are y'all doing?
Hey. both of you. faces in the carpet.
I'm tired of repeating myself.
- Talk to him. man.
- Put your weapon on the stairs now.
Is it your dad? Who is it? Talk
to me. Who is upstairs. man?
It may be Ronald.
Hey. what you say?
Taylor swift. what you say?
What did she say. Jerome?
- She said Ronald maybe.
- She said Ronald maybe?
- Maybe.
- Ronald maybe?
Ronald... what. from the
famous maybe family?
Who the fuck is Ronald maybe? Ronald!
Ronald. put your weapon
down where we can see it now.
Hey. Ronald. look. you
know you messed up. right?
All right? First of all. you discharged
a weapon in a closed structure. okay?
That's one. Two. you left Barney
down here with his friends unattended.
That's a big mistake. man. It's terrible.
We can change this. man.
Let's write a children's
story that you can tell 'em
when you tuck 'em in at night.
It's called Ronald makes
the right decision. All right?
So why don't you come
down here. put the gun down
and come talk to us like a man?
What you think?
You hear me. Ronald?
- Drop it. drop it!
- Hey. Ronald! Hey!
Don't you move. Ronald!
Don't you fucking move...
Come on down here. man.
Come on out here. Come.
Go right in the living room. Face
down. Wipe them tears off your eyes first.
All right.
Nap time for Ronald.
All right. Nap time. Lay
them little heads down.
You act right. you may
get a juice box after.
You know what? Let me
tell y'all a bedtime story.
There once was a kid who went to juvie.
No gangs. no set.
Had to make friends fast.
And then. when he turned 18. he
had to ride that bus up to graterford.
See y'all like y'all toys.
Your chains. your kicks.
your guns. your video games.
But on the inside. you're the toy.
People gonna trade
your ass for a blanket.
On the inside. you the gold chain
dangling around somebody neck.
On the inside. you the shoes
on the bottom of somebody feet.
On the inside. you
somebody video game.
Cool. Shit.
Backup's outside.
Yeah.
Hey. y'all think about what I said.
They gonna play your ass
until they break your ass.
Here you go. All right?
Stay down too.
- I told you babies are dangerous.
- We made it out. man.
- Just keep going.
- You're getting too good at this. man.
You almost convinced
me we're real DEA.
Yeah. well. real DEA would
have shot that kid. man.
Let's count that money.
You said there were
only three people in there.
Ray. we need another guy by the
door and I've been telling you this.
so. what. you want to
split this with a third?
Yeah.
We need to take a
break anyway. all right?
'Cause word could be getting
around. know what I'm saying?
Brother. if there's four
g in there. I'm good.
Not even close. bro.
But hey. I did love that "who's
the man of the house" shit.
What you mean? The
command voice. right?
Yeah. the command voice.
- You got the gift. man.
- Man. Thank you. man.
But it's just about the
authority bias. man.
They just wanna believe
somebody in charge.
So you project certainty. you know?
And you don't give them no choice.
- Hey! Watch it!
- Shit.
Excuse me.
Fuck you. junior.
Lady. I respect you. but that's fucked up.
They're just kids. brother.
Which reminds me...
Man. what's this. man?
Candy from babies.
Jolly ranchers.
Man. you shouldn't have. man.
- Happy birthday. motherfucker.
- I knew you ain't forget.
And now. our day lottery drawing.
First. today's wild ball number.
Eight.
Next up. pick 3.
- Pick 3. All right. There we go.
- Christ.
- I thought it was a murderer.
- That's why you leave that door open?
Hey. look. feel like it's gonna
be your lucky day today. ma.
Hey. you barking and barking at me.
Hey. what is you living on in here. lady?
That's expired and that's expired. Okay.
Come on. everybody.
It's the final five drawing.
starting with two. then two. Nine. Nine.
Hey. what's all these bills?
- What's wrong with you?
- None of your beeswax.
"Mri." "pet scan." Hey.
what's wrong with you?
What do these tests say?
Hey. what's all these tests say?
They say I'm an old bag.
Twelve.
Like you need a test to tell you that.
The mouth.
Infectious disease
doctor Catherine Hughes.
Raymond. do you want coffee?
Yeah. Am I making it or you?
You know what? Never mind.
I'm leaving anyway. I gotta go to work.
And Manny's coming to pick me up.
Degenerate.
Hey. seriously...
What's wrong with you?
You sick?
You need money?
I can't pay anybody like that.
Hey. what I work so hard for?
You just say how much you need.
I need ten grand.
The hell you need ten grand for?
I don't expect you to
have that kind of money.
Nah. It's. you know. this...
How are you painting so
many houses in this cold?
Interiors.
What?
- Forget it.
- Anything you wanna say to me today?
Yeah. Can you walk shermie for me?
He's been cooped up all day.
Haven't you. daddy? Yeah.
And don't forget to pick up his shit.
Shermie. you gonna
take this shit or what?
Hey. what's up?
Hey. you. Come on.
Look who's back in the game.
What's up. ray?
When they let you out. convict?
Three weeks ago from Chester.
Graterford before that.
Well. say hey to Harlan for me then.
Nah. man. That's a whole jawn.
You know. Harlan tried to
burn some dude in segregation.
Damn. What?
Yeah.
- Sh...
- Hey.
Theresa. How are you?
Just peachy. shit-bird.
Bring shermie in before he gets away.
Get... what? Where
he going? He a fossil.
You pick up the shit. Raymond?
Yeah. Raymond. Go pick up the shit.
All right. I'll pick up the shit.
All right. Give me a minute. man.
- Ray?
- Yeah?
- Come here. No.
- I've gotta... Manny's out
- come here.
- Man.
I want you to come in here and sit
down. Close your eyes. Close 'em.
What are you on. lady?
- Do as I say.
- Okay.
Down.
Eyes closed.
Open.
You hopeless prick.
you thought I forgot. Here.
"No matter how you slice it..."
There's no topping you."
See. I see what that is.
You know. your father
ain't coming home.
How long. I don't know.
But if your aunt's fed up.
stick with me. We'll be okay?
That...
Come on. Hey.
Happy birthday. you piece of shit.
I've never done any
strong-arm. but. you know.
like I said. I'm willing to learn.
I'm just trying to get
back on my feet. convict.
So you found Manny?
He didn't tell you what we do. did he?
No.
Just that yo use needed
muscle for something.
Man. it's not about muscle. all right?
It's about being smart.
So. you guys were
close on the inside. right?
I mean. not at first.
Nah. but we came to
a mutual respect. right?
So. you guys kind of
like... Yeah. you getting it.
Yeah. we just take our
cut from the chaos. right?
It's like...
It's like when there's too
many deer in the woods. right?
You gotta call the hunters
to trim the population.
Otherwise. the deers.
they eat all the crop.
wander into the road.
So. you guys are kind of like wild deer?
No. man. No. we the hunters. bro.
The city is overrun.
And we only take from
the weak ones. man.
Just enough to pay our
nut for a couple of months.
And the main thing
is. these kind of people.
they can't do anything about it.
But there's a right way to do this.
Just because we're
not real law enforcement
doesn't mean we not professional.
See. the key is preparation. right?
By the time we go in. I
already know the place.
And the trick is to control
the situation. all right?
They already know the drill.
DEA! DEA! Hands up! Don't even try it!
Chill out. man. Hey!
Everybody has to pay the Karma tax.
See. it's not about muscle.
You see what I'm saying?
It's about attitude. real or fake.
The command voice. right?
'Cause people. they
don't respect the badge
like they used to. You
know what I'm saying?
So. you gotta prove that
we're the ones in charge.
Two scary motherfuckers.
But disciplined. man. Disciplined.
Take the decision out their hands.
Really about their safety. right?
Yeah. They expect to get pinched.
That's right. So the show
has got to be impeccable. man.
Fucker. don't fucking move!
Keep it fast. Don't think twice
until they're on that ground.
Get the fuck down. Stay there!
If you're good. they
don't remember your face.
Just the badge.
Just the badge. man.
And if they push back. I
give them the old. you know.
"what are you doing
with your life" speech.
Or I go ballistic on them.
That part... here's the
thing. Rick. These guys...
They deserve worse.
They're fucking poisoning the city.
We get 'em all.
DEA!
All types.
- Don't play with me. man!
- Get down on the ground. man.
From the corner crack dealer
to the zombies full of horse trank.
When you put them in them cuffs.
man. they all cry to Jesus. right?
They all got tattoos that say
"born to kill." "born to lose."
- "born to die." Some shit.
- Realistic goals.
Realistic as fuck.
All right. don't get me wrong.
I admire the whole fucking production.
but here in the 215.
yo use are gonna get your heads
shot off for two fucking g apiece.
But...
Drive a couple hours out to
my turf. more bang for your buck.
Off the top of my head. I could
name you three. four. five easy marks.
It's nothing but crank and bank. baby.
This motherfucker. man.
You believe any of that shit?
I believe we've burned
through most of Philly. yeah.
Yeah. but you don't trust him.
If you gotta hit pause.
- I'm totally cool with that.
- No. man. Nah.
Theresa. man. She need ten grand.
Yeah. I think she's sick or some shit.
- What are you talking about?
- You know. she wouldn't tell me.
You know how she is. I think it's. like.
some female shit. to be honest with you.
So.
Sherry is moving in with me.
She's gonna throw a housewarming
party or something like that.
Don't you already live
there? Ain't it already warm?
- Why are you like that. dude?
- I'm just asking. man.
- Look. Yo. yo. Hey. Manny...
- I just
- you know that I love Sherry. right?
- Yeah. you love her. but what?
But we need to figure this shit out. man.
- Get enough money in the bank.
- This is a side hustle. ray.
This shit doesn't determine my life.
Yeah. Well. it's not a side hustle when
it's your only source of income. my guy.
See here.
She gave me this.
Jesús malverde.
This dude is the patron
Saint of the drug dealers.
Sorry.
Get the fuck out of here. man.
- I kid you not. man. Listen.
- No. man. What?
This guy was some kind of
Robin hood. like a angel of the poor.
- I swear to god. Shut the fuck up. Dude.
- Man.
And he was a thief that became a Saint.
She sees the best in me. man.
What about Rick?
What a
hey. just see if he can get an
address. man. or something.
- Make sure he ain't full of shit. okay?
- Okay.
And I'll do some recon.
man. I'll contact son.
- See if that place is on his radar.
- All right.
Or. you know. you can become
the angel of the poor with Sherry
- fuck you. Go fuck yourself.
- I'm just saying. man. It's an option.
- I'm telling you something important.
- You know she got that from a bodega?
- All right. man. Whatever.
- Okay?
What's going on. papi?
It's a party. right?
- Okay. I'll see you there. All right.
- I'll be in there. man.
- Hey!
- Hey! Raymoncito. This...
- Supposedly it thrives in the bathroom.
- I love it.
- Yeah? All right. yeah. All right.
- I love it. Thank you for trying.
- It look like you too. right? All right.
- Don't do that.
You want to come over here?
Can you do that? Go do that.
Okay. man. She wants
me to fix this thing.
- Like. right now.
- Fix what?
- Manny. man.
- Shit. man. It doesn't line up.
You know how much I hate
the Swedes for this shit. man.
- Look at this.
- I know. Shit.
Hey. man. you get
an address from Rick?
- Don't talk about that shit here. okay?
- What?
Yes. I did. I'll text it
to you in a minute.
She cheated on the guy.
Yes.
Turn it up!
- Ray. honey.
- Hey.
Manny says you're not drinking anymore.
- He did?
- I feel bad.
Yeah. I mean. can I get you anything?
- No. Sherry. I'm good.
- You sure?
Yeah. I just needed some space from the.
- Shirley temple?
- You got grenadine in there?
Hey.
What the hell's a grenadine?
Never mind. Hey. what's...
I'm good. Thank you.
- Come dance with me. babe.
- Okay.
- Come on. I missed you.
- I missed you too. baby.
Hey.
If I can borrow a horse. I'll be leaving.
I don't know all the
things you've done. cully.
but if you can't stay and face them.
wherever you're going. take me with you.
You don't have to be
afraid with me. cully.
I wouldn't try and make you do
anything you didn't want to do.
You're a woman. aren't you?
Are you coming out? Or
do I come in and get you?
You shouldn't have left
that apache pony outside.
We spotted you easy.
Name's ray.
- Hi. ray.
- Hey.
I've been clean and sober...
For 28 days now.
Thank you.
And I've been thinking about when's
a stranger not a stranger anymore.
The lady who raised me.
basically. she was my dad's old lady.
And she took me in.
She took me in when
he went down. Did his bid.
And...
She's sick now. I think?
I think she's sick. She won't really say.
But I think she's sick.
And I.
I can't stop thinking about that.
You know. like one different
turn and I wouldn't even know her.
Now. I'd rather be sick instead of her.
Yeah.
Maybe I am sick.
I sure as hell miss
self-medicating though.
I'm telling you. man. 'Cause
sobriety... My god. Sobriety.
Sobriety.
You know. I saw this tweaker. right?
This base head. strung
out. and I felt like I knew her.
Like I knew exactly who
she was. It was like...
Because I could feel. like. the cage
that she put herself in. you know?
My dad. he used to
lock me up just like that.
Yeah. he used to lock me in the closet.
'cause he didn't want me catching
him while he was getting high.
Didn't want me to see his ass.
And I was like. "I like this."
Right? I was like. "I like this. This is
I fuck with this. It's all right."
You know. 'cause sometimes you...
Hey. sometimes you just. like...
You just... you don't want to see.
You don't wanna see so much.
Sound like I was a dog in a kennel. right?
Fuck.
I hate this song.
It's so self-pitying. It's like. listen to
this guy make everything about him.
You know. you analyze everything.
You're gonna be a lawyer someday.
That's what my dad says.
Shit.
Your dad's a cop.
You know what cops do?
They always call you
by your full formal name.
Like. "hey. how's it going
over there. Raymond?"
"How's the homework
coming along. marletta?"
My dad calls me Mars.
Mars.
God of war.
And a candy bar.
Mars.
Candy.
Jolly ranchers.
Yo. right here. Hey. cut your
lights. man. Cut your lights.
Right here. To the right. man. Pull
into this driveway. Real easy. easy.
Hey. look. make sure
they see them badges.
- all right?
- Yeah.
These people. they've been
sucking fumes for a long time.
F...
- Brother. no. He's good. No.
- Get amped. dog.
No. dude. He's good. Okay? He's good.
Just put that on. okay?
Okay. Focus. Hey. hey.
hey. Focus. all right?
All right. Right here. this is us. Okay?
I'm gonna go down along
this fence here. All right?
You two are gonna go
round back. towards that barn.
Make sure we get up to
each door at the same time.
We do this together. One
unit. All right? Textbook shit.
All right. Once you get to the spot.
I want you to key this button
on your radio two times. all right?
I'm gonna key back and that's
gonna be your sign. all right?
Yo. hey.
This all show. okay?
Do not fire. all right?
These are cookers.
There's acetone. ether. Christ knows
whatever the fuck else they got in there.
You shoot off. the whole thing
goes up like a hillbilly chernobyl.
- You understand me? You got it? Okay.
- Yeah. Yeah.
All right. Y'all ready to get this bread?
Yeah. Fuck yeah.
Man. keep your fucking voice down.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
All right.
Let's get this fucking money. man.
All right. let's go.
Get on the ground. Get on the ground.
Keep your fucking gun
down. bro. Seriously.
Come here.
Okay. Just remember what ray said.
- What the fuck?
- What ray said.
Jack? Jack?
He's in the lab.
DEA! This is fucking DEA. bitch!
- Get on the fucking ground!
- Federal agents! DEA!
Federal agents! Get down!
DEA! Get down on the fucking
ground! Get down on the ground!
- Hurry up. old man!
- Get down on the ground.
Get on the fucking ground!
- Cuff him. man.
- This is an abuse of justice.
- Cuff him.
- Fuck. Hold still.
Fuck.
I want to see a warrant...
Do I read him his rights or some.
- for a no-knock search and seizure.
- Shut him up.
- Because this house
shut the fuck up. you piney fuck!
What the fuck. man?
- Hey. hey! Federal agents!
- Drop it!
Like hell you're fucking feds.
Hey. listen. lady. Listen.
Take a breath. all right?
- Jack!
- Take a deep breath.
- We just want to talk to you...
- Jack!
- And nobody needs to get hurt.
Who the fuck is Jack?
- Who is Jack?
- Lady. drop the gun!
Drop your fucking gun!
No. no. no!
Shit!
- What the fuck!
- No!
Hey. it's okay. Hey. look at me.
Look at me. okay? Yo. yo. No.
No. Fuck! Fuck.
Fuck!
Fuck. man!
Manny! Shit. Manny!
Fuck. man.
The fuck?
Who the fuck was that?
Yo. what the...
Smartest motherfucker here. man.
Hey. Rick.
Hey. Rick. look at me. man.
Come on. man. Look at me.
Hey. it's okay.
Hey. we're gonna get
you to a hospital. man.
We're gonna get you
to a hospital. all right?
Yeah? What's up?
What's up. man? Talk
to me. Talk to me. Rick.
- Ray.
- What's up. man? Talk to me.
Did I fuck up?
I fucked up.
Yeah.
Yeah. convict. yeah. you...
Yeah. you fucking did. man.
But it's all right. We're gonna
get you out of here. okay?
Rick? Rick?
Rick? Come on. man.
Fuck! Fuck. Okay.
- Shit. Shit. Okay.
- Ray?
- What are we gonna do. man?
- Hold on. Manny.
I'm not fucking thinking
straight. I'm not thinking straight.
- I'm not thinking straight.
- Ray.
We need to... we gotta find the money.
Fuck the money.
- We gotta find the money!
- Let's get out of this place. Ray!
Listen to me! We
need to find the money.
'cause we didn't come all the way
out here to do this shit for free. bro.
So come on. man. Come on. Help me.
Help me with this shit. man.
I know they fucking got it
in here somewhere. Manny!
Manny. come on. man!
Get your fucking head in
the game. Manny! Let's go!
Come on.
What the fuck?
Yo. yo.
- Hey. where's that lady. Manny?
- What?
What?
The fucking dead lady
that was right here. Manny.
- Where is she. man?
- Shit.
This place is gonna blow. bro.
- What?
- This place is gonna blow.
Hey. Manny. Let's go. man. Come on.
What the fuck is you doing. Manny? Go!
- Shit.
- Go!
Let's go. Let's go!
We should've stayed and
looked for that lady. right?
Right? We should've stayed
and looked for that lady. right?
- Yo. who is that? Who the fuck is that?
- What?
Yo. who's going down there. man?
Whose car is that?
- Did they see us coming out?
- I don't know. man. I don't fucking know.
Shit. man. we're fucked.
Shit.
Can they ID Rick?
I don't know. What...
did anybody else know
- about our business?
- Son.
Son got just as much
to lose as we do. man.
If word got out on the street
that he was selling all the shit
that we gave him from
other dealers. please.
Yeah? If they put a gun in his
kid's mouth. he's gonna talk fast.
Fuck! Goddamn it. man.
It's a deer.
I can see that. Manny. I can see that.
What is it doing here?
It fucking lives out here. Manny. okay?
We gotta go. All right. let's go.
- Help me. man. Let's go.
- Shit.
You boys coming
back for marshmallows?
Shit. My radio. I don't
have my radio. man.
Hey. what did he say?
- Let's slow down.
- Fuck.
- Get to know each other.
- No. You keep that shit. man.
Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Manny.
- Throw that shit out.
- Manny... all right. man.
Just drive the car. Manny. Let's go.
I was thinking maybe you left this behind
'cause you wanted to
resolve this situation.
So. you speak morse code.
I got to tell you. buddy. this looked
like just another cooker's tragedy.
Old Randy self-immolated.
Bro. this piece of shit only
works for like half a mile.
They're right behind us.
You get it?
Problem with that
scenario is this walkie-talkie.
which I can't figure.
Unless you was cops. and
this thing is not police issue.
So. I can conclude that you
cocksuckers took our money and dope.
Here's an alternative plan.
You tell me where you are.
drop the bags out the door
and this becomes a funny
story to tell your grandkids
about how you almost
got blowtorched to death.
instead of a sad story in the paper
about two bodies in the
woods. raped with shotguns.
See. this guy the real deal. man.
That's the command voice. Manny.
That's the command voice
I've been telling you about. man.
You think you'd be tough to find?
In your Scooby doo Van?
See. man? See the lame
jokes. man. the threats?
- This motherfucker is the real deal. man.
- Ray. shut the fuck up.
Look... hey. turn off
up here. man. Up here.
Get off this shit. come on.
We gotta get out of here.
Fuck this shit.
Rescue to command. we got one in here.
We have another one.
Fuck.
Goddamn it.
You can't come in here. We need
to start prepping her for surgery.
We need this information now.
You got a pad?
"If I die..."
Don't fuck me.
"Somebody else knew about our deal."
What the hell were you doing?
What?
All right. Mina. you need to go in surgery.
"If I effing die..."
What an effing joke...
You f-word need to know...
"All the effing bullshit I saw."
"Whoever they were"...
Find out if any other agents
were watching that house.
You're a good agent.
You shouldn't have been
out there with no support.
Mina. you need to go into surgery.
Mina.
Mina. Okay.
Where are we now?
Right now. I'm at 427.614
and that's not counting whatever
the hell this shit is in the sunburn gel.
and we still got all this shit.
I don't know. My
fucking head hurts. man.
These guys are gonna come.
These guys are gonna
come after us. man.
All they gotta do is get their
hands on somebody we know.
We weren't killers. ray.
This isn't us.
We took candy from babies.
They wasn't from around
here. You know that. right?
You heard the voice. right?
The "havlicek-stole-the-ball" shit.
They gotta be a group
from up north or something.
Ray. it doesn't m... it could
be someone who moved here
20 years ago and kept
his accent. just like me.
Okay.
- Can I say something?
- Please.
- Your recon sucks. okay?
- Okay. man. we got that. All right.
Cool. man. Just
fucking calm down. man.
Yeah. We put those fucking
badges on and then suddenly we think
that that shit is magic?
We're not real cops. motherfucker.
We're not real dealers.
We're not shit.
Nothing...
In our lives has ever been real. ray.
Till now.
Until now.